# UP20 staff members endorse 
### the following persons, courses and activities:

We are amazed at the reach of social programs all aound the globe today. Both in terms of quality as well as quantity, we find useful materials is being shared freely. Some of the content is affiliated with organizations - educational, municipal, government, or companies. Other stuff is being generated by self expressive individuals and communities.
The purpose of this list is to expose and endorse social programs _you can surely learn, use, adapt, develop and build upon_.
UP20 encourages cross-sectoral collaboration and facilitates ground-breaking, thought-provoking activities, AS INPUTS so you can feel free to share your OUTPUTS with the community.

By endorsing the following global efforts we seek to align with like minded activists on a global scale. That means UP20 members have access to the best knowledge available and encourage engaging these activities. We therefore release any criticism regarding the projects or courses listed here, and replace it with compassionate discussion and professional workflows. 

Suggestions are very welcome - Make a pull request to add your project link:

## Free Courses
  * SDG Academy | The role of ICT for SDG - [join this course on edx.com](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:SDGAcademyX+ICT001+3T2018/course/)
  * MIT | U.Lab 0.x [Leading Awareness-Based Systems Change - How to Sense and Actualize the Future](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:MITx+15.671.0x+2T2016/course/)
  * MIT | U.Lab 1.x [Leading From the Emerging Future](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:MITx+15.671.1x+3T2018/course/)
  * Acumen - [Systems Practice: A Practical Approach to Move from Impossible to Impact](https://plusacumen.novoed.com/#!/courses/systems-practice-2018-3/home)
  
## Models
  * Network Weavers - [Join the Network Weavers Network](#)
  * Dragon Dreaming - [Join the Dragon Dreaming Community](#)
  * Enspiral - [Join the Enspiral Community](#)

## Ethics
  * [Burning Man's Ten principles](https://burningman.org/culture/philosophical-center/10-principles/)
  
## Social Projects Proposals
  * [List Item #1](#)

 
 
